james bonanno
mtec 2250

who is this for?

  the concept of this project was to create a way to determen a long a person can do one thing, in short a stamina tester
  however after making it and trying it out, it can also be a motor skills tester, to test how good someones motor skills
  are, and maybe usable for rehibiliation for people with muscle atrophy in their hands and/or arms. Or it could be a game 
  for kids that can be used for exsurse and while they think its just a game.
  
what is it for?

  it could be for home for kids or even for yourself, for the people with muscle atrophy (rehab centers), but 
  those are things it can do. the stamina tester is for people to see their or orthers stamina/motor skills.
  to simply put it if you see a friend who is having trouble picking up small things with one hand this could be used 
  to see if its a muscle problem, and/or use it to help fix said problem. it could help those in rehab with muscle atrophy
  and tell the insrutor if the person is getting better or wrost.
  
why should it exsist?

  all people want to strive to become better, and as time goes by our muscles and bones become more and more fragile.
  and for the young who strive day after day to become stronger, and faster, one day is all it take and they could tear 
  a muscle and then what, 10 weeks without training and thats only if its not a grade 3 injury. that could weakin the muscle
  to a point were some may need rehab, but with this maybe those could have something to help them while in bed, and maybe 
  help them for getting the worst of it.
  
when and where will it be used?

  it can be used at anytime, for any of the reasons i've already said, people should see this as a small game or toy so
  that they'll have fun with it, and not think of it as a form of treatment, because tha just makes it sound like daily
  medicine, with its size now, it can be used at home, hospital, and rehab, when you or someone else is suffering from
  muscle atrophy, or when you want to trick some of your kids into having fun.
  
